Tom's character is from Ganheim (North).

Adam's character is fom Ganheim (North).

Jess from the South.

Charlie from the North.

Kyle from the South.

Charlie's character is dragon person with a really large, meaty tail. Fukcing large

Kyle's character is a bird person, a bit spooky.

Tom's character has a ginger beard, fairly strong, wearing nice, well-kept robes.

Jess's character skin is sky blue, quite big, gnollish in appearence.

Sven is not impressed with the group.

New Westrun is the city we're in, it's very large. We go and meet the court master.

Sven kind of hates Charlie's character.

Torb is the name of Charlie's character.

Horrible clothing. This is racist so people know what's our origin.

We have to find the source of the rat infestation in the city. Large red eyes. They kill 3 people. Easily can kill them. You have to kill 5 rats and bring tails. Jess's character has the contract.

We have 10 gold each.

1. Rats are coming from the warehouse.
2. Best customer of the Inn Captain's Rest Best Customer is missing.
3. Dicky Downbarrough.
4. His dog went missing.

Tom's character Cato it's a man with a beard.

Idiot dragon punches a passerby.

Jess's character goes to sleep.

We killed 5 rats, torb has tail. We found a totem -- totem is evocation magic neferious rat.

The third warehouse seems suspisously unassuming.

For rats the second warehouse.

Refuge in the prosperous nation in the Alpenheim. People in the Alpenheim are snobbish. We come to do civil works. Free travel B&B to all refugees.

Tom picks 5 viles of magic mouthwash. We've killed 5 rats.

Sylvester is a name of the NPC I've casted Friends on and Tom had a polite chat with.

Cato drinks the mouthwash.

Shhh.

Cato looses all the hair.

Inn Captain's Jeoffray. Poor mister Millop. After about midday he would go into the alley. He's dissapeared.

We found a dead person in the alley, and a dead dog, and a dead child.

Madam Bellsworph, the carer of the orphanage, whose lover went away.

DIERLION was the name of Bellsford
